Why give attention to the way you
introduce a scripture?
Because the promises of God,
which we find in his written Word,
have tremendous power.
Hebrews 4:12 says:
“The word of God is alive and exerts power
“and is sharper than any two-edged sword
“and pierces even to the dividing
of soul and spirit,
“and of joints from the marrow,
and is able to discern thoughts
and intentions of the heart.”
Yes, God’s Word has the power
to reach a person’s heart,
so we should always use it
as the basis for our teaching.
But first,
we should ensure that our listeners
are properly focused
on those inspired words.
How might you do that?
Indicate what the text will reveal,
cite the Bible as God’s Word,
and say something that will make
the listeners want to read the verse.
In the following demonstration,
see if the speaker accomplishes
any of those goals.
Please turn to Psalm 55:22.
Even though we have read this
many times before,
let’s read it again:
“Throw your burden on Jehovah,
and he will sustain you.
Never will he allow
the righteous one to fall.”
Although a Kingdom Hall audience
will likely turn to a scripture
because you invite them to,
this audience didn’t know why
the scripture was being read,
nor did the speaker give them any reason
to be especially interested in what it says.
How might the speaker
properly introduce a Bible verse?
There are a few ways to do this.
First, he could ask a question
that the scripture will answer.
Let’s watch an example of that.
When a problem is so severe
that it seems you can think of nothing else,
what can you do?
The answer is found at Psalm 55:22.
Or the speaker could pose a problem
that the scripture will help to solve.
Imagine that your marriage mate
or a fellow believer
has said or done something hurtful to you.
The Bible tells us how not to respond
at Romans 12:17, 18.
Notice what it says.
Another good way
to introduce Bible accounts is
by stating a principle
that the account will illustrate.
We can avoid many problems
by following divine instructions.
Please turn to 2 Samuel 6:2-7
and notice what happened when David
didn’t follow the proper procedure
for transporting the ark of the covenant.
What else must we do
to introduce scriptures properly,
especially when our audience
includes unbelievers?
Cite God’s Word as the authority.
Watch the following demonstration,
and see if you can discern
how the publisher might improve
in drawing attention to the scripture.
Will crime and wickedness always exist?
David gives us the answer here
at Psalm 37:10, 11.
The publisher aroused interest
in what she was about to read
by raising a question,
and she correctly
identified David as the writer.
Although it’s not wrong to mention
the name of the Bible writer,
in this case the householder
might have wondered, ‘Who is David?’
And even if she knew who David was,
she might have viewed his words
as an ancient human opinion.
Let’s see how the sister
could introduce this scripture
in a way that inspires
more confidence in its reliability.
Will crime and wickedness always exist?
God’s Word gives us the answer
here at Psalm 37:10, 11.
So before reading a scripture,
do more than simply tell your audience
where it can be found
and invite them to follow along.
Indicate the key point it will make,
and say something to make
your listeners want to read it.
Especially when speaking to unbelievers,
introduce the scripture in a way
that indicates its authority.
By doing these things,
you can prepare the minds of your listeners
for the important words that you’ll read.